`azurerm_snapshot` - Add support for `disk_access_id` (#25996)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/snapshot.html.markdown

* `network_access_policy` - (Optional) Policy for accessing the disk via network. Possible values are `AllowAll`, `AllowPrivate`, or `DenyAll`. Defaults to `AllowAll`.

> * `disk_access_id` - (Optional) The ID of an `azurerm_disk_access` resource. This is used in conjunction with setting `network_access_policy` to `AllowPrivate`.

Reviewer: Could we update this to match the other properties:

```suggestion
* `disk_access_id` - (Optional) Specifies the ID of the Disk Access which should be used for this Snapshot. This is used in conjunction with setting `network_access_policy` to `AllowPrivate`.
```
